In this video we are going to create a brand new Spring Framework project.
We are going to be using this project to explore the Dependency Injection features of Spring Framework.
So I have a repository that's been created inside of GitHub. The master branch of that repository only
has read me file on this so we want to go through the recommended workflow to check this repository out.
First we're going to fork it to our repository and then check it out to your own workspace and then
we are going to create a project using start.spring.io
We just need a very basic Spring project. We'll take those generated project files and bring it into
our workspace and start utilizing that as a Spring Framework project.
So I'm going to jump over to IntelliJ and start stepping through the steps of the work recommended workflow
to initialize this new Spring Framework project.
You can see on the screen here at the repository springframeworkguru/sfg-di for
dependency injection.
So this is the repository that we're going to be using to explore some of the Dependency Injection features
of the Spring Framework.
So the first thing that we want to do is go ahead and clone this to our own local workspace. I'm going to step
through that now. You can see I'm on the master branch and this branch only has the README.md
file.
So that's the only thing that's in this branch of the repository.
I'm gonna I come up here. Click on clone or download and I'm copying that to the clipboard. Now I'm gonna toggle
over to IntelliJ and from IntelliJ what I'm going to do say file new project from version control
I paste that in and then I want changed my workspace.
See all my stuff in here and then I go down courses Spring 5 and I'm going to check that out into
this core folder for all my Spring 5 repositories. So I go ahead and click open which is a little
bit off the screen. Sorry about that. I'm not going to say clone
spring 5 and I made one mistake there.
So I want to do a sfg-di and then say clone that. And that's me
check that out. And here it's an empty project so I'm just say create project from existing sources because
there's no Maven or Gradle model there to pull in and project name is a sfg-di. You
can see that it's the right spot.
So I'm gonna say next.
You can see IntelliJ is looking for frameworks. It doesn't see anything because all we have is a readme
file in there so I'm going to say finish and let me reposition this window. You can see the only thing that we
have in the project is in fact that read me file.
So that one file exists.
Now I'm going to come over to Chrome and here's Spring Initializr there and I'm going to download a project
from them so I'm going to do Maven project, Java, Spring 2.2.2
and the reverse domain name. For the artifacts, one thing I'd like to do is match my artifact named
to the repository name. That is my own personal convention.
So sfg-di that's going to match the repository name.
I'm going to say dependency injection examples and I'm going to take Java 11 packaging JAR and actually
I don't need any of the options because we're just going to be doing a core Spring.
So we just need the basic Spring libraries and testing libraries.
So I'm going to click on generate and I am doing this the day after Christmas.
So we've got a couple Christmas animations on the Web site so I'm going to go ahead and say generate
and that is going to bring down this zip file. So I'm clicking on open and toggle back over to IntelliJ.
I'm gonna bring this up.
So this is the sfg-di files and I want these files brought into IntelliJ
so what I can do so I can just click on them and then drag over like
so.
We'll go ahead and add all those.
So I'm adding these into Github and I will check this in on a new branch.
So I don't dirty up that master branch. And let's take a look at what was brought
in. So we have this pom file and we can see here. Let me close this dialog. We could see this is what
was generated by the Spring Initializr. So very very simple project.
We have the Spring Boot Starter and also the Spring Boot Starter Test.
And right now IntelliJ does not see this as a Maven project.
So what I need to do is come in here, right click, and see here I got Add as Maven project. So I'm gonna click
on that. That tells IntelliJ to bring this in as a Maven project. And let's see here.
I'm going to say recreate that.
So IntelliJ do that.
I think that was mistaken in saying recreate so I'm gonna say add as Maven project again.
And let's come in here. I'm going to come up to the lifecycle and say verify. You can see here I'm saying a project
JDK is not specified.
So that is something that we can fix here. Go to preferences.
I'm sorry. We want to go to the project structure and here I want to take my Java 11 SDK and we'll
set the language level to Java 11 as well.
So that sets up this project inside of IntelliJ as a Java 11 project. So I'm going to say apply.
Okay.
And now verify I should be able to run
so there we can see that this did in fact run.
Now one thing that I want to point out is this project Spring Boot switched over to
JUnit 5 and this JUnit Vintage.
So if you have any need for JUnit 4 test, get rid of this JUnit Vintage engine. So remove this from your
project if you have a need for JUnit 4 tests.
So this is basically what allows JUnit 4 test to run inside from JUnit 5. If you have questions, additional
about JUnit, check out my Testing Spring Boot course. I go into JUnit really in depth in that course.
I quickly recap what we did in this video is we checked out the repository. The only thing that was
in the repository was this READM file here and then we use Spring Initializr to create a Spring
Boot project and copy that into our repository. The one thing that you have to do within IntelliJ
is when we bring in those project files, IntelliJ doesn't know that it is Maven project so
within the pom file come over here, right click, and it's not there now but there's you'll see
an option here to Add as Maven project which will bring up this Maven dialog. You will also have to go
over here to the project structure and tell IntelliJ to use your Java 11 SDK and also set the
language level.
And if you're stuck on Java 8, that's OK. When you create the project inside this Spring Initializr
use Java 8, bring it down then point your Java 8 SDK to it.
So that sets up the project and by the end of the video what you want to be able to do is just come
over here. Run the verify command. This is gonna go out and tell Maven to compile the project and
it will also run the one test. So remember we have a main class and then the Spring Initializr does give
us one
JUnit tests which will get executed in the verify step.